# FHIR Model

This library includes a FHIR PHP model, together with serializers and parsers
for JSON and XML. The code is generated by dcarbone/php-fhir, supplemented with
tests.

## Version: FHIR STU3

- Homepage: [http://hl7.org/fhir/STU3/index.html](http://hl7.org/fhir/STU3/index.html)
- Resource documentation: [http://hl7.org/fhir/STU3/resourcelist.html](http://hl7.org/fhir/STU3/resourcelist.html)

## Usage

```php
// src/example.php:
require_once __DIR__ . '/../vendor/autoload.php';
$parser = new \HL7\FHIR\STU3\PHPFHIRResponseParser(false);

$json = '{"resourceType":"Patient", etc...}';
$resource = $this->parser->parse($json);
// Use $resource as an object
```

## Can I submit changes to the code?

**No** for all code in `src/`, because this is the result of generating with
dcarbone/php-fhir and will not be directly changed. Fixes and additions should
be done there. **Exception**: you can submit a newly generated set of classes,
see below for instructions.

**Yes** for all code in `tests/` and the organizational files in the repository
root, those are all handwritten.

## How can I use older FHIR versions?

Older versions (DSTU1, DSTU2) are not suppored in this library, but you can
generate the classes yourself with dcarbone/php-fhir.

## What's the strategy for future FHIR versions?

When a future FHIR version gets released, we will probably add it next to the
current version (separate namespace) or create a new library. We don't want to
create a branch per version, because we want to support using multiple versions
simultaneously in one application using Composer as a dependency manager.

## How to keep this repository up to date?

For contributors/maintainers: to update the files in this repository, follow these steps.

1. Clone https://github.com/dcarbone/php-fhir (the generator) and make sure it's up to date
2. Run `./bin/generate.sh --versions STU3` from the root of the generator
3. Copy the generated classes here
4. Commit

## Disclaimer

This repository is currently primarily intended for our own use. We cannot
commit yet to maintain it in the future, but feel free to fork if this becomes
an issue. That being said, please file issues, feedback or improvements.
